[CI:DOCS] Final release notes for v4.5.0 (#18199)
containers/podman: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- Fixed a bug where the `podman generate kube` command could generate pods with invalid names and hostnames ([#18054](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/18054)).
- Fixed a bug where names of limits (such as `RLIMIT_NOFILE`) passed to the `--ulimit` option to `podman create` and `podman run` were case-sensitive ([#18077](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/18077)).
- Fixed a possible corruption issue with the configuration state of `podman machine` during system failures on Mac, Linux, and Windows.

> - Fixed a bug where Podman attempted to split the headers returned by the ps command into a list of headers which was a problem for multi-word headers ([#17524](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/17524)).

Reviewer: I think this should go into the API section. A rewording suggestion as well: 
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the Compat top endpoint incorrectly returned titles as a string instead of a list ([#17524](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/17524)).
```
